Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcop-3223-introduction-to-c-assignment-8
<br>
This assignment is worth a maximum of 100 points ObjectivesThe purpose of this assignment, is for students to demonstrate knowledge of the basic template of a simple C program create and use 2 dimensional arrays the design of user defined C functions calling user defined functions in C how solution to problems can be developed from a set a functionsProblemWrite a program that allows two users to play tic-tac-toe against each other. Your program should allow each user to enter the row and column of their move, and make sure that valid values are entered. Also, if there is a winner, your program should print out a message to that effect right after the winning move. If the game is a draw game, your program should print the following message “Game draw!” after the board is filled. The results of a sample run is provided below. Restrictions Your program should include at least 4 functions. Each function should have a comment statement in the beginning to indicate the inputs that it takes, a summary of what it does and the output it delivers. Remember that you are expected to use function prototypes for this assignment.Submission of AssignmentYour assignment should be submitted via Webcourses by the deadline. No assignments will be accepted via email. Your submission should include a single .c file called tictactoe.c. Remember that your program will be graded using DevC++ , so be sure that your submitted code runs correctly in this IDE. If you do not have DevC++ on your personal machine, you may use a computer in any lab to test your code.It is each student’s responsibility to ensure that the correct file has been upload. Thus, as advised at the beginning of the semester, immediately after submitting your code, download it and verify that you have submitted the intended file and that the submission has gone through. An excuse that there was an upload error is not grounds for late submission. No assignments will be accepted after the 24 hour window for late submissions via Webcourses.A sample run:Player #1(X) enter your move, row followed by column:0 1 20 _ _ _1 _ _ _2 _ _ _1 1Player #2(O) enter your move, row followed by column:0 1 20 _ _ _1 _ X _2 _ _ _1 1Sorry, that is not a valid move. Try again.0 0Player #1(X) enter your move, row followed by column:0 1 20 O _ _1 _ X _2 _ _ _2 2Player #2(O) enter your move, row followed by column:0 1 20 O _ _1 _ X _2 _ _ X1 0Player #1(X) enter your move, row followed by column:0 1 20 O _ _1 O X _2 _ _ X2 0Player #2(O) enter your move, row followed by column:0 1 20 O _ _1 O X _2 X _ X0 2Player #1(X) enter your move, row followed by column:0 1 20 O _ O1 O X _2 X _ X2 1Player #1 wins! Here is the final game board:0 1 20 O _ O1 O X _2 X X X